petition here this afternoon 145 will be
jumping next here is hot wheels number
145 Hot Wheels century from maranda
Fisher is the owner from Calgary Alberta
Canada and our 16 y/o writer Victoria
birdsell is rather bored hot wheels here
at our group reaction this afternoon
there were the rivers on two occasions
so far despite Costa traverse city grand
prix this past July also placing in the
fairfield grand prix in juniper appeal
connecticut
good
I better not miss again
women and teenagers in Olympians for
getting together this afternoon there's
our 16 year old rudder post they got
clear first-round effort dark fidelity
investments robberies so the third way
back in our jump off and Eric couple of
numbers grilled
now
he's fasting
Birdsell how we always coming with the
knockdown not only for its the double
score here now jump off 38.3 19 seconds
their time at birth so that score of
four bolts acceptance 38.3 19 and that
goes up to the sixth place at our
current standings early six that we
currently show five more to go that we
do have another writer change Keatley be
warming up our next one in the return
order us we'll be back in